At the moment broader one is able to ping rather five.
Acting as P.C. too.
And that's because we've configured a tunnel
but we've also configured EAI GOP to learn remote grants so your job he has learnt about network 10
1 2 0 via 10 1 3 2 through tunnel 0.
So if we removed the GOP right one would no longer be able to ping a 5 because Roddick 2 has no root
to get to that network.
It can send the traffic of via rod a 3 but draw a 3 also has no visibility of that network en route
a 3 show ip route shows us only directly connected interfaces.
So in this example it's enable SPF so Rada or SPF 1 network and once again only enable SPF on Network
10 not on network for show IP or SPF interface and let's do a brief
SPF is enabled on tunnel 0 and on Fost Ethan at 0 0.
Notice the cost is very high and it's a point to point link.
We need to configure router for Radha for so the neighbor relationship go down to write it to when we
remove DIY GOP.
So now let's remove the GOP and write a for and enable who SPF Network 10 0 0 0 with the relevant mask.
Show IP 0 SPF interface brief before I present to notice the neighbor relationship has already come
up you can see tunnel 0 and first Ethan at 0 0.
Have always been enabled on them show IP or SPF neighbor neighbor relationship to 10 1 3 1 is full.
Notice it's a point to point link so we don't see any election taking place but rather for now has a
relationship directly to Rod 2 through tunnel zero.
So show IP round we have now learnt about a right 10 1 1 0 through 0 SPF from this neighbor rather 2
through tunnel 0 so can write a 1 now ping root of 5 and the answer is yes.
So we've successfully changed the writing protocol used across the jury tunnel from EAI GOP to 0 SPF
1 can trace as an example to write a 5.